README.md, before:

# Alien Boogie!

![Alien Boogie Screenshot](assets/boogie-screenshot.png)

This is a small project made in SFML to leverage the C++ knowledge gleaned from [learncpp.com](https://www.learncpp.com/), 
and gain a deeper understanding of lower level game design and development.

## How to Play

As of now, this project is built solely for Windows, although additional platform support may be included in the future.

The built and ready .zip files can be found under *Releases* on the right hand side of the repo. To run Alien Boogie, the .zip file 
needs to be downloaded and extracted. Opening the extracted file will expose the .exe file for Alien Boogie, and double clicking it will launch the application (after a brief security scan).
The console window that appears can be safely minimized, but must stay active; closing the window will terminate the program.

## Gameplay
### Synopsis
The titular aliens of Alien Boogie love to do just that, Boogie. They will take over your desktop and idle, waiting for your next banger to start playing. They will boogie in response to any song, played on any streaming service.

### Controls
If you find their antics irritable, you can **zap** aliens by clicking on them individually, or by holding the left mouse button down and dragging the cursor over them.
The zapped aliens will fall off the screen, and your score will increase; however, do not expect them to stay down for long...

## Source Code

This project was scaffolded with the SFML CMake template. Visual Studio Community 2022 was used as the IDE. To build the application, open the repository in Visual Studio 2022. 
The IDE should start the necessary CMake build steps, and once concluded, the project can be built in either the Debug or Release configuration.

Commit message:

Update README.md with future plans and tech stack

README.md, after:

# Alien Boogie!

![Alien Boogie Screenshot](assets/boogie-screenshot.png)

This is a small project made in SFML to leverage the C++ knowledge gleaned from [learncpp.com](https://www.learncpp.com/), 
and gain a deeper understanding of lower level game design and development.

## How to Play
As of now, this project is built solely for Windows, although additional platform support may be included in the future.

The ready-to-run .zip files can be found under *Releases* on the right hand side of the repo. To run Alien Boogie, the .zip file 
needs to be downloaded and extracted. Opening the extracted file will expose the .exe file for Alien Boogie, and double clicking it will launch the application (after a brief security scan).
The console window that appears can be safely minimized, but must stay active; closing the window will terminate the program.

## Gameplay
### Synopsis
The titular aliens of Alien Boogie love to do just that, Boogie. They will take over your desktop and idle, waiting for your next banger to start playing. They’ll boogie to any song you play, no matter the streaming service.

### Objective
This is a **stress-ball** game similar to Raincatcher; a win state and game over state don't exist. The core experience of the game is being in the moment with the aliens, zapping them and watching them dance to your favorite music.
When you are ready for the party to be over, you can close the console window, close the alien window from the taskbar, or use the tried and trusted Alt-F4 shortcut.

### Controls
If you find their antics irritable, you can **zap** aliens by clicking on them individually, or by holding the left mouse button down and dragging the cursor over them.
The zapped aliens will fall off the screen, and your score will increase; however, do not expect them to stay down for long...

## Source Code
This project was scaffolded with the SFML CMake template. Visual Studio Community 2022 was used as the IDE. To build the application, open the repository in Visual Studio 2022. 
The IDE should start the necessary CMake build steps, and once concluded, the project can be built in either the Debug or Release configuration.

## Future Additions
Some ideas for future additions to alien-boogie include:
1. A Pregame phase with a mothership that descends and spawns in the first aliens.
2. A Fast Fourier Transform library to help the aliens boogie more accurately to the audio.
3. Alternate, more-defined gamemodes that lean into classic arcade games.
4. Code refactors and compatibility improvements.

## Tech Stack
- C++
- SFML
- CMake
- Visual Studio Community 2022

### Licensing
All Rights Reserved, 2025
